TI CC3200 SimpleLink RIOT support (#11866)
RIOT-OS/RIOT: boards/cc3200-launchxl/doc.txt

/**
@defgroup    boards_cc3200-launchxl CC3200-launchxl
@ingroup     boards
@brief       Support for the SimpleLink™ CC3200 MCU

Overview

> The [CC3200-launchxl](https://www.ti.com/tool/cc3200-launchxl) is Texas Instruments development kit for the CC3200 wireless microcontroller. This MCU combines an ARM Cortex-M4 microcontroller with the Texas Instrument CC3100 wireless module. The CC3100 inludes an embeded 802.11b/g/n  and IPv4 stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [CC3200-launchxl](https://www.ti.com/tool/cc3200-launchxl) is Texas Instruments development kit for the CC3200 wireless microcontroller. This MCU combines an ARM Cortex-M4 microcontroller with the Texas Instrument CC3100 wireless module. The CC3100 includes an embedded 802.11b/g/n  and IPv4 stack.
```

| ADCs             | 1x12Bit (4 channels)                                         |
| UARTs            | 2                                                            |
| SPIs             | 1 (+1 for embedded CC3100)                                   |
| I2C              | 1                                                            |
| SD/MMC           | 1                                                            |
| GPIO             | 27                                                           |
| Vcc              | 2.1 - 3.6V                                                   |
| Datasheet        | [Datasheed PDF](http://www.ti.com/lit/ds/symlink/cc3200.pdf) |
| NWP Guide        | [NWP Guide PDF](http://www.ti.com/lit/ug/swru368b/swru368b.pdf) |
| Reference Manual | [Reference Manual PDF](http://www.ti.com/lit/ug/swru367d/swru367d.pdf) |
| McASP            | 1 Multichannel Audio Serial Port  (2 channel I2S)            |

## Implementation Status

| Module | Status           | Description                                          |
| ------ | ---------------- | ---------------------------------------------------- |

> | SPI    | Partial Support  | CS currently not properly implemented                |

Author: I would do one more test today, but that should work!

| UART   | OK               |                                                      |
| LEDS   | OK               |                                                      |
| GPIO   | OK               |                                                      |

> | Timers | Work in Progress | Only 16bit channel 0 is supported (requires testing) |

Reviewer: Is this still true? 
Later on you set `TIMER_NUMOF` to 4.
